#prac-7b 

Find different controls using UiPath. 

1. Anchor Base
Step 1: Go to http://www.rpachallenge.com/
Step 2: Go to uipath studio. Drag and drop a Flowchart activity on the Designer panel of a blank project. 
Step 2: drag and drop "Use application/browser" control from the Activities panel.
Step 3: give browser url as "https://www.rpachallenge.com/"
Step 4: Drag and drop "Find element" and "Type into" activity inside "do" of "use application/browser" control.
Step 5: In Find Element Select the “Role in Company” using Indicate on Screen.
Step 6: In Type into Select "input box" of “Role in Company” and in text add your "role".
Step 7: Select Run

2. Element Exists.
Step 1: Go to UiPath studio.
Step 2 : Drag and drop sequence activity into the designer panel.
Step 3: Drag and drop open browser activity into the sequence.
Step 4: Give URL as https://www.google.co.in/.
Step 5 : Below that drag and drop the Element Exist activity
Step 6: Click on indicate on screen and click on the logo of “google”.
Step 7: In properties, define Output>Exists:Elementfound (By ctrl+k to create variable.
Step 8 : Drag and drop if activity below the Element exist activity.
Step 9: In Then section drag and drop the Type into activity.
Step 10 : Click on indicate on screen, click on the search bar, and type anything you want to search.
Step 11: Below that drag and drop the click activity, indicate on screen click on “google search button”.
Step 12: Now in else section drag and drop the message box and type “element doesn’t exist”.
Step 13: Now run the file.

3.Find Children #### OP not coming ####
Step 1: Go to https://www.spicejet.com/ in the browser.
Step 2: Drag and drop the flowchart into the designer panel.
Step 3: Now drag and drop the Find Children Activity.
Step 4: At Indicate on screen click on “Departure City”(in homepage of SpiceJet).
Step 5: In properties> children: Places.(creating variable using ctrl+k)
Step 6: Drag and drop the For Each Activity.
Step 7: Double click on it. Type For Each “item” in “Places.”
Step 8: Now in Properties do the changes. Type argument:UiPath.Core.UiElement(In order to get that click on “Browse on types” and search for it)
Step 9: Now drag and drop the get attribute to the Body. Now do the changes in the properties. Also create the output as resultdata.(using ctrl +k to create variable)
Step 10 :Drag and drop the Log message below the get attribute.
Step 11: Finally Drag and drop the message box activity below foreach activity. Double click on it. Type Places.Count().ToString.
Step 12: Run the file

4. Find Element
Step 1: Drag and drop the flowchart to the designer panel.
Step 2: Now drag and drop the open browser activity.
Step 3: Give the url as https://www.google.com/?gws_rd=ssl#spf=1611294141178.
Step 4: Drag and drop the Find Element activity.
Step 5: In Properties>Output, FoundElement:element(using ctrl+k for creating the variable)
Step 6: Below Find Element Activity drag and drop the message box activity. Type as “Element exists”. Step 7. Run the file.

6. Indicate on screen
Step 1.Drag and drop the sequence activity into the designer plane.
Step 2.Place indicate on screen into the sequence activity.

5. Find Relative Element #### NOT TRIED ####
Step 1: Drag a Sequence. Create the following variable: editElement (type: UiElement), formatElement (type: UiElement)
Step 2: Drag an OpenApplication activity inside the Sequence container.
Step 3: Inside the activity, click the Indicate window on screen option. Then you can select the Notepad window.
Step 4: Drag a Find Element activity below the OpenApplication activity.
Step 5: Inside the activity, click the Indicate window on screen option. Then you can select the “Edit” option in the notepad.
Step 6: In the Properties panel, select the COMPLETE option from the WaitForReady drop-down list.
- Add the variable EditElement in the FoundElement field.
Step 7 : Place a Find Relative activity below the Find Element activity.
Step 8: In the Properties panel, add the value 20 in the OffsetX field. Select the option TopRight from the Position drop-down list. Add the variable Editelement in the Element field. Add the variable Formatelement in the RelativeElement field.
Step 9: Place a Click activity below the Find Relative activity.
Step 10: In the Properties panel, add the variable FormatElement in the Element field. Select the None option from the KeyModifiers drop-down list.
Step 11: Place another Click activity below the first Click activity.Inside the activity, click the Indicate on screen option.Click on “font” (Using f2 button).
Step 12: Drag an Activate activity below the Click activity. Inside the activity, click the Indicate on screen option. Click on entire font window.
Step 13: Place a Set Focus activity below the Activate activity. Inside the activity, click the Indicate on screen option, and select the Size menu option from font window of the notepad.
Step 14: Drag a Send Hotkey activity below the Set Focus activity. In the Key field, type the value down.
Step 15: In the Properties panel, select the check box for the Activate option. This option brings the UI element to the foreground and activates it before the text is written.
Step 16: Select the None option from the KeyModifiers drop-down list.
Step 17: Select the check box for the SpecialKey option. This indicates that you are using a special key in the keyboard shortcut.
Step 18: Place a Click activity below the Send Hotkey activity. Inside the activity, click the Indicate on screen option. Click on OK button of the font window of notepad.
Step 19: Run the file.
